<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>find my friends - mackerel_cheese - Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div id="preface" class="calibre1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h1 class="calibre6" id="calibre_pb_1">find my friends</h1>
    <div class="byline">by <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/users/mackerel_cheese/pseuds/mackerel_cheese" rel="author">mackerel_cheese</a></div>
      <p class="calibre7">Summary</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><blockquote class="calibre8">
  <p class="calibre7">As far as he knew, none of his friends had any plans today. It would take him forever to hunt for them through the castle.</p>
  <p class="calibre7">Unless…</p>
  <p class="calibre7">Remus pulls out the blank parchment from his nightstand where they stashed it after a long night of fiddling with the spellwork. The innocuous piece of paper was so much more than what meets the eye - the beginnings of their latest project, a map of the school.</p>
</blockquote><p class="calibre7">Or: Remus is lonely and tests out their new map to look for his friends.</p><p class="calibre7">Or, or: The proof of concept for a prototype interactive Marauders Map workskin I’m making poorly disguised as a Choose Your Own Adventure fluff fic. Click away, my friends.</p></blockquote>

      <p class="calibre7">Notes</p>
        <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">Inspired by this <a href="https://www.tumblr.com/messrsrarchives/760707969722826752/chat-ive-discovered-html-fics-and-i-am-having?source=share" rel="nofollow">tumblr post</a></p><p class="calibre7">Things to note before you read:</p><ul class="calibre9">
            <li class="calibre10">Leave the creator style on :) </li>
            <li class="calibre10">Unavailable for download at the moment :/ </li>
            <li class="calibre10">English isn’t my native language u.u </li>
            <li class="calibre10">This isn’t beta read T.T </li>
            <li class="calibre10">Interact with the <strong class="calibre2"><span class="calibre11">bold underlined</span></strong> text! :D </li>
        </ul><p class="calibre7">Update (15/01/25): Now compatible with Reversii!! (sorry reversii i forgot about you all)</p></blockquote>
        <div class="endnote-link">
          See the end of the work for more <a href="find_my_friends_split_003.xhtml#endnotes">notes</a>
        </div>


  </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff1" id="chapters">
    <div class="calibre12" id="calibre_pb_2"></div>
</div>

</body></html>
