<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>find my friends - mackerel_cheese - Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div id="afterword" class="calibre1">
<h2 class="toc-heading" id="calibre_toc_4">Afterword</h2>

    <div class="calibre1">
        <div id="endnotes" class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre7">End Notes</p>
          <blockquote class="userstuff"><details>
  <summary>
    <strong class="calibre2">
      <span class="calibre11">OPEN ONCE YOU REACH THE END</span>
    </strong>
  </summary>
  <details>
    <summary>
      <strong class="calibre2">
        <span class="calibre11">Are you sure?</span>
      </strong>
    </summary>
    <p class="calibre7">Okay, I’m trusting you.</p>
    <p class="calibre7">This is part of <a href="https://www.tumblr.com/html-tryhard" rel="nofollow">HTML Tryhard Fest 2025</a>!! Check out the other works <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/collections/HTML_Tryhards_2025" rel="nofollow">here.</a></p>
    <p class="calibre7">I don’t smoke but i need a cigarette after all that math. To think that I didn't know HTML a few months ago smh and now last week i made this in like... 3 days.</p>
    <p class="calibre7">Also!! The marauders map!! So hard to translate into HTML because what do you mean it folds out like that??? Accordion core for real. My brain isnt big enough for that now,,, but i will get there one day,,, </p>
    <p class="calibre7">This is the first rendition of a choose your own adventure (cyoa) format i’m experimenting with! I want you (the reader) to feel as if you are “building” the fic as you make the choices. I’ve never been to build-a-bear but I assume this is what it's like.</p>
    <p class="calibre7">I’m also considering writing a tutorial for this but it's too much math… Maybe I can do a simpler one with the interactive buttons but the cyoa has to be a different tutorial altogether. I would like to thank flexboxes and order for making this possible.</p>
    <p class="calibre7">Notes for future versions:</p>
    <ul class="calibre9">
            <li class="calibre10">Make it so that it can fold out to make a bigger map (and figure out how that would work on mobile)</li> 
            <li class="calibre10">Learn calligraphy to make a better background T.T</li>
        </ul>
    <p class="calibre7">Credits:</p>
    <ul class="calibre9">
            <li class="calibre10">Map opening code based on <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/users/InfinitysWraith" rel="nofollow"> InifinitysWraith’s</a> <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/works/25174384/chapters/62096215" rel="nofollow">CSS in Testing - Chapter 6.</a></li>
            <li class="calibre10">Map cover PNG from <a href="https://www.pngkey.com/maxpic/u2r5e6i1w7t4u2e6/" rel="nofollow">PNGKey</a> </li>
            <li class="calibre10">Banner PNG from <a href="https://www.pngwing.com/en/free-png-aeuek" rel="nofollow">pngwing</a></li>
            <li class="calibre10">Image editing done on <a href="https://www.getpaint.net/" rel="nofollow">paint.NET</a> and <a href="https://www.canva.com/" rel="nofollow">Canva</a></li>  
            <li class="calibre10">Thank you to <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/users/mystyrust/pseuds/mystyrust" rel="nofollow">mysty</a> and <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/users/jihnari/pseuds/jihnari" rel="nofollow">jihn</a> for holding my hand the whole time i did ugly math and flex ordering. I am more powerful now.</li>
         </ul>
    <p class="calibre7">If you like whacky html fics like this, I have another Marauders HTML Tryhard Fic called <a href="https://archiveofourown.org/works/62203717/chapters/159122284" rel="nofollow">Man Attempts to Survive University</a> that you might like :) Its an Everything Everywhere All At Once inspired fic!</p>
    <p class="calibre7">(the goal is to populate more html fics in the hp fandom... its basically like magic)</p>
    <p class="calibre7">Come say hi on <a href="https://www.tumblr.com/blog/mackerel-cheese" rel="nofollow">tumblr</a>! 
        </p>
    <p class="calibre7">Crying over ugly math,<br class="calibre1"/>Mack </p>
  </details>
</details></blockquote>
        </div>

    </div>

  <p class="message">Please <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/works/62239009/comments/new">drop by the Archive and comment</a> to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!</p>
</div>





</body></html>
